Update dove card definiton (#208)
werewolv-es/how-to-play: src/guides/village/novicetarotreader.mdx

The Novice Tarot Reader is a member of the Village. They are able to select two players at night to draw cards from. Five cards will be drawn, two of which correspond to each player chosen. A random card will be drawn that corresponds to a random player. The order of the cards drawn are randomized.

> Each card reflects one of three facets - alignment, killing ability, and witchcraft status. There are some cards that can be interpreted in two ways, for example, Dove meaning either a non-killer or a Village member, or Magician meaning either a witchcraft user or a Coven member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each card reflects one of three facets - alignment, killing ability, and witchcraft status. There are some cards that can be interpreted in two ways, two examples are Dove and Magician cards. The Dove card may come from alignment meaning "Village member", or from killing ability meaning "not a killer". The Magician card may come from alignment meaning "Coven member", or from witch status, meaning "user of witchcraft".
```
